# Day 10 - 6/18/2025

This is day 10 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off with the problem I was left with yesterday,
Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation. I was actually mostly correct yesterday, just had to make a couple
of adjustments. So it wasn't too hard, and I actually understood RPN more than I thought. Took me
around 5 minutes to solve the rest of it, and it seems like I solved it optimally. So good job to
me, I guess. 

I then moved to the next problem, and wow was it just out of my current ability. I usually
give it an hour, and then I give up, but I gave up after 20 minutes. That's because in those 20
minutes, I had no starting place. So instead of potentially wasting 40 more minutes, I just
looked up the solution and learned it for next time. I'm glad I did, because I would've never
thought of the solution. It uses recursion, and I'm not too familiar with it. I mean I've used
it and encountered it before, but it's not something I'm comfortable with yet. So yeah even though
I gave up, I'm glad I did, so I can move to the next problem. Plus I learned more about recursion.

Good thing I gave up on the last problem. I moved to the next problem, Daily Temperatures, and
it was so much easier, or at least within the confines of my knowledge. I spent maybe 20-30 minutes
on it, and solved it optimally with a stack. This was a medium level problem, but it honestly felt
easy. I'm proud that I solved it, and that I used what I recently learned about stacks into this.
It shows that I'm growing, so that's an accomplishment. I only have a few minutes left, so I'll
start the next problem, but definitely won't finish, might not even code it. I'll just read it if
anything. 

So I read  the next problem, and I understand it, but do not have time to solve it. I'll continue
tomorrow. Overall a decent day fo solving 2 problems and learning more about 1. Hopefully tomorrow
will be a good one.

## What I solved today
- Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation
- Daily Temperatures

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Generate Parentheses
- Car Fleet

## Challenges / What I learned
- Learned RPN and more about stacks
- Learned a bit about recursion

## Next steps / To improve
- Use what I learned about recursion to solve problem 24 next time
- Solve car fleet with stack and hopefully more

