# Day 3 - 06/11/2025

This is day 3 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off the day finishing off valid sudoku, and
after thinking about it last night and spending 10-20 minutes on it today, I finally figured it
out. I wasn't sure if it was optimal because to me it looks like a mess, but apparently it's just
as good as the optimal solutions. May be slightly worse, but not by much. I guess I'll take 
that as a win and say I optimized it.

I then moved on to longest consecutive sequence. I apparently solved it before, so this is a 
repeat. It wasn't optimal back then, and when I solved it today, it wasn't optimal either.
Unfortunately I didn't learn from last time, but that won't stop me from learning this time.
I'll try to do it again in the future, but optimized this time. Disappointed in myself today,
but hopeful for the future. Overall, even though it wasn't optimal, I found it pretty easy.

Lastly I went on to the two pointer section, starting with valid palindrome. I haven't learned
the technique yet, so I looked it up real quick before trying to solve it. I solved this one
before, but I for sure didn't use the technique. While I could solve it easily again without it,
I would rather struggle and use the technique to learn for the future. So that's what I'm doing
now. I'm a little lost on it, but I can't learn if I don't struggle, so I'll do my best.
Hopefully tomorrow is better with me learning and understanding the technique, so I can use it
for the rest of the problems that need it. Fun and easy day overall. 

## What I solved today
- Valid Sudoku
- Longest Consecutive Sequence

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Valid Palindrome

## Challenges / What I learned
- Figuring out how to check if the squares in sudoku are valid were challenges
- Learned how to optimize problem 9 by not sorting the set and doing something else

## Next steps / To improve
- Improve on the time complexity of longest consecutive sequence
- Learn two pointer technique
