# Day 6 - 6/14/2025
 
This is day 6 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off the day by rethinking about yesterday's
problem, Trapping Rain Water. Originally, I asked chatGPT what my time and space complexity it,
as I usually do, and normally I agree with it, but this time there was just something off. It
said mine was not optimal at O(n^2), but I knew that was wrong. So I thought about it, asked it
again, and it turns out I was right. I actually solved it optimally. While not the cleanest code,
it still had an O(n) time and O(1) space, so it was almost as good as the actual solution. So,
I'm proud of that and proud of seeing the error in chatGPT's part. I updated what was necessary
as well. 

I then moved on to the next category, sliding window. I like to think of this as a branch of the
two pointer, as it usually uses two points starting at the same spot and enlarging and shrinking
a window in an array for variable sized. If fixed size then it doesn't do that, but still has
two points to create a window based on a fixed k. Started off with the easy difficulty, Best
Time to Buy and Sell Stock. I solved this before by brute force, but did it with sliding window
this time. Took me no more than a minute, it was so easy. That should be expected though so 
besides that, nothing much to say but to move on to the next problem. Oh yeah, it was also optimal.

Next was another problem I had solved before. Not sure if I used the correct technique back then,
but I definitely used it now and ended up solving it optimally. It was fairly easy, took me around
10-15 minutes at most to solve. Could've solved it faster, but I was trying to see if there was
a way to solve it in O(1) space rather than O(m). Then I gave up and just solved it normally for
times sake. Easy problem for a medium level, not much to say. 

Finally, went to attempt Longest Repeating Character Replacement. As hard as I tried, I just
couldn't figure out the logic, so I failed my attempts at it. I ran out of time, so I ended up
looking at the solution and tried learning from it. I still don't quite necessarily see the
logic, but if it adds up then it adds up. I'll think about it more and try to make sense of it
on my off time, but for now, I will learn from it and try to tackle it again in the future.
Disappointing result, but I learned from my failures. Hopefully this helped me learn sliding
window a bit more to attempt future problems.

Overall, started off strong, ended with failure. Not a good day, but also not a bad day. I hope
to use the failure to make future days good days.

## What I solved today
- Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
- Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Longest Repeating Character Replacement

## Challenges / What I learned
- How to solve Longest Repeating Character Replacement
- Learned more on sliding window

## Next steps / To improve
- Incorporate what I learned the next time I tackle that problem
- Use what I learned from sliding window on failure on future problems

