# Day 4 - 06/12/2025

This is day 4 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off the day finishing off valid palindrome
and it wasn't too bad. I solved it fairly quickly and optimally, so that's a good sign. It was
easy difficulty, so it should've been easy. Nothing much to say about that one.

Then I went to solve Two Integer Sum II. At first I was struggling to see how to solve it with
the two pointer, as I could brute force it and I have done so before. So using the technique
made me think for quite a bit. I then gave in to look at a hint, and as soon as I saw the hint,
I solved it within minutes. Thinking about it in a different way made it so much easier, so much
that I solved it optimally. While I looked at a hint, I'm still proud that I did it with ease.

Then I moved on to 3Sum. I tried using the same type of logic used in Two Integer Sum II, but
with a for loop to add sort of a third pointer. It took a little bit of time, but I ended up 
solving it. However, it was extremely suboptimal and to me it looks like a mess. I definitely
need to come back to that problem in the future. Some small changes and it will be perfect.

Lastly, since I had a bit of extra time, I started Container With Most Water. I didn't have too
much time, so I just threw first thoughts at it using two pointer. There are definitely problems,
but with some more time and thinking tomorrow, I should be able to solve it.

Overall, pretty good day in my opinion. Hopefully the same happens tomorrow.

## What I solved today
- Valid Palindrome
- Two Integer Sum II
- 3Sum

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Container With Most Water

## Challenges / What I learned
- Learned more about how to use the two pointer technique
- Challenging to find the optimal way to use the technique, mainly in 3Sum

## Next steps / To improve
- Improve on the time complexity of 3Sum
- Finish Container With Most Water
- Get better at two pointer
