# Day 7 - 6/15/2025

This is Day 7 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off with Permutation in String. This is
actually a problem I have not solved, but attempted in the past. I remember looking up the
answer to it later on, hoping I would grasp the concept and use it in the future. And it turns
out that I indeed did. I actually solved it using the same logic as the solution I saw before,
and with optimal time and space. This was one of the problems that actually helped me a lot
with space because it taught me how to count characters using an array of 0's of length 26.
I'm glad I looked up that solution in the past, otherwise I would be lost in a lot of other 
problems, as well as right now. But nope, I solved it. I'm pretty proud of that.

Then I moved on to the last problem of the day, Minimum Window Substring. This was a hard level
problem, and it was indeed hard. My time limit of an hour ran out and while I almost did it, I
did not figure it out. Out of the 28 test cases on neetcode, I passed 24. So I was obviously
doing something right, but most likely had to change a few things. I looked at the solution and
I did indeed have some similar logic, but there were partial difference that I don't really 
get right now, but I'll look again later and try to understand it. I'm just super tired right
now and don't want to look at it. But yeah anyway, I failed at that problem. Hope to get it next
time.

Overall, solved 1 and failed 1. With more time I probably could've done it, but I ran out.
I plan to figure out the logic behind it tomorrow and try to remember for the next time I work
on it.

## What I solved today
- Permutation in String

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Minimum Window Substring

## Challenges / What I learned
- Saving space using an array of 0's for characters

## Next steps / To improve
- Figure out the logic behind problem 19

