# Day 5 - 06/13/2025

This is day 5 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off the day finishing off Container with
Most Water, and it was actually very easy. Yesterday I started it with just first impressions,
and didn't think too much of it. Just kind of did a hail mary two pointer approach with what I
thought was logical because I only had like 10 minutes to do it. After spending maybe, not even
5 more minutes on it today, I solved it completely and optimally. Seems like there were 0 
problems with it. I found it easier than the other two pointer problems so far, and I'm pretty
proud of that. Hopefully more problems are like that.

I then moved on to Trapping Rain Water. This is the last two pointer problem, and it's my first
hard level difficulty problem. I started it, and completely read the problem wrong. So I spent
around 20-30 minutes solving it with what I thought was right, which was the same logic as the
last, basically finding the max area between bars, but this time with subtracting bars in
between. That's not what it was at all. It's the total amount of water that can be trapped in 
between bars. So now I need to completely change my approach with it. I feel like I just wasted
a ton of time. I then went about it the correct way, and while I brute forced it and solved it,
it was suboptimal. The space complexity was O(1), but the time was O(n^2). Since I ran out of
time, I will look at the optimal solution tomorrow and try to understand the concept of it to
hopefully solve again in the future. 

Overall, not a terrible day, and even though I brute forced a solution, I solved my first hard
difficulty problem on Neetcode! That in itself is an accomplishment for me, and I hope to do 
more in the future. But this time optimally.

## What I solved today
- Container With Most Water
- Trapping Rain Water

## What I worked on today (WIP)

## Challenges / What I learned
- Solving Trapping Rain Water optimally was challenging, and I couldn't do it
- More comfortable with two pointer approach
- Learned I can at least brute force hard level problems

## Next steps / To improve
- Learn the optimal solution for Trapping Rain Water
- Continue onto the next section of problems 