# Day 8 - 6/16/2025

This is Day 8 of my Neetcode 150 journey. I started off the day with looking at the optimal solution
of problem 19 that I worked on yesterday since I couldn't get it. I understand it now, and it wasn't
too hard to understand since I got pretty much most of the logic down yesterday, just needed more
time. There were some slight things, but I probably would've gotten it. I'm not too worried now,
it's honestly a win for me in my opinion since I almost got it. Next time I'll get it for sure.

Then I moved on to Sliding Window Maximum. This was a hard level problem, that was mainly hard
because of the time complexity. Because of that, I solved it, but suboptimally. I brute forced
the problem, because I ran out of time and just wanted to solve it. Brute forcing it was easy,
and it took around 5 minutes to do that. I just couldn't figure out how to do it optimally.
Unfortunate, but it will be something I get next time after understanding the solution.

I then went to the last problem, valid parentheses. This was the start of a new category, so
instead of immediately going to solve, I looked up what was needed, and it was about stacks. So
I learned about stacks, and tried to incorporate it. I successfully did it, so I solved the 
problem optimally. Stacks are new to me, but they don't seem too complicated. I can see it
being complicated in the future however with tougher problems.

It was an okay day overall, could've been better and also could've been worse. Hopefully tomorrow
is better with me hopefully solving more stack problems optimally.

## What I solved today
- Sliding Window Maximum
- Valid Parentheses

## What I worked on today (WIP)

## Challenges / What I learned
- Learned how to obtain the minimum window substring optimally
- Learned deque data structure
- Learned about stacks

## Next steps / To improve
- Use deque for next time I attempt problem 20
- Continue learning about stacks to solve the rest of the category

