# Day 2 - 06/10/2025

This is day 2 on my Neetcode 150 journey. I started with around 10 minutes of Encode and
Decode Strings because I already worked on it yesterday. I completely failed, and had to look
up the answer. After seeing it, it is extremely easy, and I'm disappointed in myself that
I couldn't solve it. I hope to remember the way to solve for when I go back to it in the future.

Then I spent around 40 minutes on Products of Array Except Self. This is a problem I solved
before, however it was very suboptimal. I remember looking up how to do it, so I had some
sort of idea how to do it this time. I did however have to look at a hint, but once I got that
hint, it was a breeze. Just had to use a prefix/suffix method to solve it. I like to consider 
that I solved it optimally, but there was a very so slightly better way to do it with one array.
I used 3, but I was still within the correct time and space complexity, so I think it's fine. I'll
remember the most optimal way for the future. 

After that, I tried to solve Valid Sudoku. This one seems more tedious rather than using critical 
thinking, but I'm not sure. So far I used nested for loops to see if the rows and columns were 
valid, and it seemed to work out. Now the real hard part is figuring out how to do the same
for the squares. I've been thinking, but can't seem to figure it out. Perhaps tomorrow will be
better. I'll also keep thinking about it all throughout the rest of the day. Hopefully I'll
be able to solve it because I don't want another failure. Even if it's not optimal, I would
love to solve it.

## What I solved today
- Products of Array Except Self

## What I worked on today (WIP)
- Encode and Decode Strings
- Valid Sudoku

## Challenges / What I learned
- Used prefix/suffix method to solve products of array except self
- Learned method to encode and decode strings by looking it up after failing

## Next steps / To improve
- Need to figure out how to separate the squares in sudoku
- Remember how to encode and decode to solve next time since I failed
